README.md, before:

# moody_math
The Python code that helped develop our data model for the deployment of electric semi trucks using specialized state transition matrices. We won a national award at the 2020 Mathworks Math Modeling Competition.
The data model and report

## Summary:
This program was developed to advise truck manufacturers by predicting the demand for electric semi trucks. 

Semi trucks are a common method of transportation in the United States. They can be classified as regional or long haul. 

Regional trucks transport short range goods, such as within a state, while long haul trucks transport
goods along major cross country highways coast to coast. Traditionally, semi trucks are diesel, but modern electric semi trucks are beginning to gain popularity.
Our goal for this project was to predict the share of demand for diesel versus electric semi trucks in the long haul and regional categories. 

In 2020, electric semi trucks accounted for around 0.29% of all semi trucks in use. We know that on average, long haul trucks break down after 5 years and 
are typically converted to regional trucks. Then, after 7 years, the regional trucks are sold and replaced with electric semi trucks. 

Using a specialized state transition matrix, we determined the total share of electric semi trucks in the years 2025, 2030, and 2040 to be 16%, 48%, and 86% respectively.

Commit message:

Add link for data report

README.md, after:

# moody_math
The Python code that helped develop our data model for the deployment of electric semi trucks using specialized state transition matrices. We won a national award at the 2020 Mathworks Math Modeling Competition.
The data model and report can be found at [this link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AGMDaT9xvjpPF_8aCG8fr8dqplwsVkhIE9sYMEf-9gg/edit?usp=sharing).

## Summary:
This program was developed to advise truck manufacturers by predicting the demand for electric semi trucks. 

Semi trucks are a common method of transportation in the United States. They can be classified as regional or long haul. 

Regional trucks transport short range goods, such as within a state, while long haul trucks transport
goods along major cross country highways coast to coast. Traditionally, semi trucks are diesel, but modern electric semi trucks are beginning to gain popularity.
Our goal for this project was to predict the share of demand for diesel versus electric semi trucks in the long haul and regional categories. 

In 2020, electric semi trucks accounted for around 0.29% of all semi trucks in use. We know that on average, long haul trucks break down after 5 years and 
are typically converted to regional trucks. Then, after 7 years, the regional trucks are sold and replaced with electric semi trucks. 

Using a specialized state transition matrix, we determined the total share of electric semi trucks in the years 2025, 2030, and 2040 to be 16%, 48%, and 86% respectively.
